docs: add icon documentation (#300)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/manifest.mdx

  compose: docker-compose.yml
```

> You can share environment variables between steps by adding them to `$OKTETO_ENV`:

Reviewer: Will this work across dependencies? IF so, can we add it to the docs?

Reviewer 2: it will only works across deploy commands

external:
  db:
    notes: docs/database.md
    icon: database
    endpoints:
    - name: db
      url: https://localhost:3306
  functions:
    notes: docs/lambdas.md
    icon: function
    endpoints:
    - name: data-aggregator
      url: https://fake-id.lambda-url.us-east-1.on.aws
    - name: data-processor

>       url: https://fake-id.lambda-url.us-east-2.on.aws

Reviewer: Do we need to remove this?

Author: I want to show that url is not required now that we have the dynamic endpoints enabled

Reviewer 2: I think that removing the url value without specifying why it is not necessary is a bit confusing. Maybe we should add some kind of note, something like: it is not necessary to explicitly indicate the value of a url if it is dynamically generated in the deploy section...?

Reviewer: I think it's better to add a section on dynamic endpoints, and put that there so it's more obvious.

Reviewer 2: I added a section about how to use a dynamic endpoint. @rberrelleza can you check it?

The url of the endpoint.

> > Dynamic endpoints: The url can be set during deployment stage by sharing `$OKTETO_EXTERNAL_{EXTERNAL_NAME}_ENDPOINTS_{ENDPOINT_NAME}_URL`

Reviewer: Can we add a sample okteto.yml below this?

```suggestion
##### Dynamic endpoints

The `url` of the endpoint can also be set dynamically during the deployment stage. You can use this for endpoints generated as part of your deployment pipeline (e.g. if you create a Cloud Database). 

After creating the resource, set the URL dynamically by setting an environment variable following the pattern below:

`$OKTETO_EXTERNAL_{EXTERNAL_NAME}_ENDPOINTS_{ENDPOINT_NAME}_URL environment variable`

```# okteto.yaml
deploy:
- name: deploy application
  command: kubectl apply -f  my-app.yml
- name: create database in the cloud
  command: | 
      endpoint_url=$(curl https://internal-service/create-db)
      export OKTETO_EXTERNAL_DB_ENDPOINTS_DASHBOARD_URL=$endpoint_url
external:
  db:
    notes: docs/database.md
    endpoints:
    - name: dashboard```

```

#### icon (string, optional)

>  Sets the icon that will be shown in the UI. The supported values for icons are:

Reviewer 3: Although it is self explanatory, should we state that it defaults to default if no icon is set?

Reviewer: agree with @tavferreira

>  Sets the icon that will be shown in the UI. The supported values for icons are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Sets the icon that will be shown in the UI. The supported values for icons are listed below. If empty, it will default to `default`.
```
